all right
so dad I play pokemon or any Game Boy
Color games your Android phone you
basically go to Google Play Store
download this app called Game Boy Color
ad this is the one I know that works
when you download it I just got a
download the rom which basically you're
a copy from the actual cart again we
copy a gameboy color that was ripped too
much explained basically once you do
that you're going to go to a website
called heavy paradise dot Emme and
you're going to search for checker gave
me once when do pokemon gold
I have card gold for the TS and stuff
like that we're going to do gold version
USA Europe because it's actual file that
I know it's actual real working one I'm
going to go all the way scroll down to
see direct download links you tell the
download it's going to load and you go
down there's another one it's a direct
download and download it it's going to
save it and that's pretty much it you're
going to go into your emulator and
wherever basically your game gets
downloaded to is where you will have to
go and find the file in your folders and
no it's not in here zip loading no thank
you
and saves it in both download so there's
gold
Easy's it um
that's basically it so any more
questions just ask it's really not that
hard just download the app open it
find save your roms down from any
paradise it works
everyone else is usually bullcrap orange
to do all these ads and other stuff
anyways I guess that's it bye